Explain the rationale for the type of each of `find_char`’s parameters.<br>
In particular, why is `s` a reference to `const` but `occurs` is a plain reference?<br>
Why are these parameters references, but the `char` parameter `c` is not?<br>
What would happen if we made `s` a plain reference?<br>
What if we made `occurs` a reference to `const`?

1. Rationale for the type of each of `find_char`'s parameters
    * `const string &s` - a string in which to look
    * `char c` - the character to look for
    * `string::size_type &occurs` - occurence counter

2. Why is `s` a reference to `const` but `occurs` is a plain reference?<br>
    Value of `s` doesn't change, but the value of `occurs` has to change.<br>
    Thus, it is better to declared `s` as a reference to `const`, while we can't do so to `occurs`.

3. Why are these parameters references, but the `char` paramter `c` is not?
    * `s` - We don't want the copied version, but the original itself. Thus, we need a reference. But, we also don't want the value to be altered, and we also want to receive string literals as arguments, thus `const` is needed.
    * `occurs` - We want to change the value of `occurs` and use it for future purposes, thus we need a reference.
    * `c` - We don't need the original version of the character that needs to be found. Pass by value is sufficient. If you want to pass `c` as a reference, make sure to `const` it because the argument might be a `char` literal.

4. What would happen if we made `s` a plain reference?<br>
    There might be a possibility that value of `s` might be changed, which is an unforseen consequence.<br>
    This function is to find a character `s`' position and occurence, not to change its value.

5. What if we made `occurs` a reference to `const`?<br>
    We can't change the value of `occurs`, which is totally not what we want.<br>
    We want to get the number of occurence, thus `occurs` mustn't be a reference to `const`.